# 121 Meetings

You should meet frequently with your direct reports for a minimum of 1 hour per month. 

There may be periods where you meet your direct reports more frequently or for longer/more frequent times per month, such as during their probation period.


## What are 121's used for?
121's are dedicated time for coaching, mentoring, and giving people space to reflect and grow:

You might talk about:

- What is expected of my role at Made Tech?
- How do I deal with this difficult thing?
- How do I progress in my career?
- Feedback, whether given or received
- Any other topic you both feel is valuable


## Our 121 tool
We use the 121 function in our HRIS Hibob (bob) to schedule and take notes of all our 121's. These notes become data points that your direct reports can use to prepare for annual reviews and promotions. A scheduled 121 will have a list of 'Talking points' (agenda) that you can setup in advance. It's also an easy way for direct reports to ask peers for feedback and set objectives for career progression. 


## Line Manager 121 expectations

We expect you to:

- spend a minimum of 1 hour per month with each direct report
- record 121s and notes on bob
- to start with, set the agenda and lead the 121 meetings
- provide clarity on role expectations and performance
- help prepare direct reports work towards career progression (or passing probation)
- share and encourage feedback


## Direct report 121 expectations

We expect you to:

- take ownership of setting and reviewing goals frequently
- set 'Talking points' ahead of 121's
- prepare examples of work or feedback you want to talk about
- take notes in the 121 section on bob
- over time, take the lead with setting the agenda and leading the 121 meetings
